fix: switch dropdown component in table pagination to native select (#934)
cengage/react-magma: .changeset/light-dancers-explode.md

> ---
> 'react-magma-dom': major
> ---
> 
> Breaking Change: (TablePagination, DataGrid) switch dropdown component in table pagination to native select

Reviewer: This is now a minor change, without a breaking change. So we can update it to

```suggestion
---
'react-magma-dom': minor
---

(TablePagination, DataGrid): Switch dropdown component in table pagination to native select
Deprecations: `dropdownDropDirection` prop is now deprecated
```
